The Gaming Room is a client that has a hit application called 'Draw it or Lose it' on an Android platform. It is based on a popular game show. Our goal was to help port and design the necessary parameters needed to flesh out a web-based version of this game accessible to a wider user-base. 
In developing this documentation, I found identifying The Gaming Room's design constraints the easiest with finding a sweet spot between cost effectiveness and quality of the end product. This helps us identify further design options to implement quality solutions within the specific parameters given to us by the client. While I feel this document is fairly well fleshed out if I could change one particular thing upon this document it would be to revise the comparison charts of the various operating platforms to be more directly related to fleshing out design properties related to web-page design. As it stands, I'm still within the early stages of software development and as I continue upon my journey in this academpic path I think I'll flesh out that knowledge a bit more.  I feel fleshing out the client's request of being the most cost effective, high quality, and able to reach the most end user consumers was easily reachable in the end with the choice to design the products through a Windows based operating interface. Identifying the client's needs for a software helps set up client constraints as well as having a dirct influence upon design constraings for any code you produce. Identifying thge user constraints, and design constraints of the software helped me place what type of architecture would or should be recommended to design this particular type of application. Using this technique of simply listening to th eclients requests and combining them with design constraints will help find and analyze future design architecture for software. - Jeffrey Sparks
